README.md, before:

# Transfering auctions from Allegro to Erli

***

In this repository you can find all requests that are needed in order to take your offers from ALLEGRO to another e-commerce platform which is ERLI. 

***
You have to define unique ID for each new ERLI product. I suggest using the same ID as ALLEGRO product ID. After creating products in ERLI, the next step is to keep prices and quantities up to date. If you use the same ID as I suggested then with one ID you can get actual information about the product in ALLEGRO and then PATCH it to ERLI with the same ID.

***
You can GET maximum 1000 products per request in Allegro. In my case, my store has about 2200 products. I divided all products into 3 requests by price. 
```
    all_products.extend(get_all_products(access_token, upper_price=10))
    all_products.extend(get_all_products(access_token, lower_price=10.01, upper_price=18))
    all_products.extend(get_all_products(access_token, lower_price=18.01))
```

***
What you need:

- unique erli api key for authorization 
- Allegro CLIENT ID
- Allegro CLIENT SECRET


***
Step by step instruction:

1. Create config.py
2. In the file define variables:
    - api_key_erli
    - client_id_allegro
    - client_secret_id_allegro
3.

Commit message:

Add third and fourth step and give more detailed information about step 2 - README.MD

README.md, after:

# Transfering auctions from Allegro to Erli

***

In this repository you can find all requests that are needed in order to take your offers from ALLEGRO to another e-commerce platform which is ERLI. 

***
You have to define unique ID for each new ERLI product. I suggest using the same ID as ALLEGRO product ID. After creating products in ERLI, the next step is to keep prices and quantities up to date. If you use the same ID as I suggested then with one ID you can get actual information about the product in ALLEGRO and then PATCH it to ERLI with the same ID.

***
You can GET maximum 1000 products per request in Allegro. In my case, my store has about 2200 products. I divided all products into 3 requests by price. 
```
    all_products.extend(get_all_products(access_token, upper_price=10))
    all_products.extend(get_all_products(access_token, lower_price=10.01, upper_price=18))
    all_products.extend(get_all_products(access_token, lower_price=18.01))
```

***
What you need:

- unique erli api key for authorization 
- Allegro CLIENT ID
- Allegro CLIENT SECRET


***
Step by step instruction:

1. Create config.py
2. In the file define variables:
    - api_key_erli
        private API key - you must generate it in integration methods tab
    - client_id_allegro
        client ID - in order to get these 2 allegro keys, you must create application in Allegro API and select type: device
    - client_secret_id_allegro
        client Secret
3. Run check_connection_allegro.py and check_connection_erli.py - if tests passed then you may proceed to next step
4. Open get_all_allegro_products_main_info.py
